Update README for BBP closure - new repo highfive-devs/highfive (#1069)
BlueBrain/HighFive: README.md

> [!WARNING]

> > The BlueBrainProject closed at the end of 2024. This unfortunately required
> > archiving all repositories under `BlueBrain` including HighFive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The BlueBrainProject closed at the end of 2024. This unfortunately required
> ceasing development of all repositories under `BlueBrain` including HighFive.
```
who knows if these things are actually archived, or will just be left to rot.

Author: We've been told they'll be made read-only. I'd prefer not to write that we "cease development", the point is that it's moving homes, not stopping.

Reviewer: It says "under `BlueBrain`" right after cease...
